README.md, before:

# `bitsandbytes`

[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/bitsandbytes)](https://pepy.tech/project/bitsandbytes) [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/bitsandbytes/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/bitsandbytes) [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/bitsandbytes/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/bitsandbytes)

The `bitsandbytes` library is a lightweight Python wrapper around CUDA custom functions, in particular 8-bit optimizers, matrix multiplication (LLM.int8()), and 8 & 4-bit quantization functions.

The library includes quantization primitives for 8-bit & 4-bit operations, through `bitsandbytes.nn.Linear8bitLt` and `bitsandbytes.nn.Linear4bit` and 8-bit optimizers through `bitsandbytes.optim` module.

This fork is actively developed for ROCm and updates are being pushed into `multi-backend-refactor` branch of upstream bitsandbytes. Users can use either of these to run bitsandbytes on AMD GPUs.

**Installation for ROCm:**

For latest develop version:
```bash
git clone --recurse https://github.com/ROCm/bitsandbytes
cd bitsandbytes
git checkout rocm_enabled
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
cmake -DCOMPUTE_BACKEND=hip -S . #Use -DBNB_ROCM_ARCH="gfx90a;gfx942" to target specific gpu arch
make
pip install .
```

**For more details, please head to the official documentation page:**

**[https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main)**

## License

`bitsandbytes` is MIT licensed.

We thank Fabio Cannizzo for his work on [FastBinarySearch](https://github.com/fabiocannizzo/FastBinarySearch) which we use for CPU quantization.

Commit message:

Update README for default branch change

README.md, after:

# `bitsandbytes`

[![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/bitsandbytes)](https://pepy.tech/project/bitsandbytes) [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/bitsandbytes/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/bitsandbytes) [![Downloads](https://static.pepy.tech/badge/bitsandbytes/week)](https://pepy.tech/project/bitsandbytes)

The `bitsandbytes` library is a lightweight Python wrapper around CUDA custom functions, in particular 8-bit optimizers, matrix multiplication (LLM.int8()), and 8 & 4-bit quantization functions.

The library includes quantization primitives for 8-bit & 4-bit operations, through `bitsandbytes.nn.Linear8bitLt` and `bitsandbytes.nn.Linear4bit` and 8-bit optimizers through `bitsandbytes.optim` module.

This fork is actively developed for ROCm and updates are being pushed into `multi-backend-refactor` branch of upstream bitsandbytes. Users can use either of these to run bitsandbytes on AMD GPUs.

**Note: For latest develop version please use `rocm_enabled_multi_backend` branch instead of this branch. It is periodically synced with `multi-backend-refactor` branch of upstream, and will be default develop branch until `multi-backend-refactor` branch is merged into upstream `main`.**

**Installation for ROCm:**

```bash
git clone --recurse https://github.com/ROCm/bitsandbytes
cd bitsandbytes
git checkout rocm_enabled
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
cmake -DCOMPUTE_BACKEND=hip -S . #Use -DBNB_ROCM_ARCH="gfx90a;gfx942" to target specific gpu arch
make
pip install .
```

**For more details, please head to the official documentation page:**

**[https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main)**

## License

`bitsandbytes` is MIT licensed.

We thank Fabio Cannizzo for his work on [FastBinarySearch](https://github.com/fabiocannizzo/FastBinarySearch) which we use for CPU quantization.
